Add documentation for otbr (#25724)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/otbr.markdown

---
title: Open Thread Border Router
ha_category:
  - Other
ha_release: 2023.2
ha_quality_scale: internal
ha_codeowners:
  - '@home-assistant/core'
ha_domain: otbr
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_platforms:
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The Open Thread Border Router integration allows calling an Open Thread Border Router's REST API from Python and via websocket.
> The integration is automatically setup when the "Silicon Labs Multiprotocol" add-on is installed.
> {% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Open Thread Border Router integration allows calling an Open Thread Border Router's REST API from Python and via WebSocket.
The integration is automatically set up when the "Silicon Labs Multiprotocol" add-on is installed.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}
```
